List features in relay docs (#9371)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/relay/projects.mdx

  }
}
```

`config.features`

> Enable product features that are not yet enabled by default.

Reviewer: Can you also provide a list or link to features that are already enabled by default? As a user, it's confusing which features I need to manually config

Author: I rephrased this sentence to bring a bit more clarity. When product features ["graduate"](https://develop.sentry.dev/feature-flags/#after-launch-graduation) fully, we usually remove all traces of the feature flag, so there is no complete list of enabled features, unfortunately.

> Enable product features that are not yet enabled by default.

Author: ```suggestion
Some Sentry product features are disabled by default in Relay, either because they are still experimental or because they are not available on all plans. In static mode, these features have to be enabled manually if needed.
```

```json
{
  "config": {
    "features": ["organizations:session-replay"]
  }
}
```

> A full list of features can be found [here](https://getsentry.github.io/relay/relay_dynamic_config/enum.Feature.html#variants).

Reviewer: Are these features all off by default and need to manually be added to the config? If so, I'd specify that like this:

```suggestion
A full list of features you can enable can be found [here](https://getsentry.github.io/relay/relay_dynamic_config/enum.Feature.html#variants).
```

> A full list of features can be found [here](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/blob/master/relay-dynamic-config/src/feature.rs).

Reviewer 2: Since we now have features documented in relay docs:
```suggestion
A full list of features can be found [here](https://getsentry.github.io/relay/relay_dynamic_config/enum.Feature.html#variants).
```

> A full list of features can be found [here](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/blob/3dff617a1a5ff01f6617de82807bc50c7d695a2c/relay-dynamic-config/src/feature.rs).

Reviewer 3: We probably should link to `master` here, so we don't have to continously update the link.

Best would be though if we could use the [Rust docs](https://getsentry.github.io/relay/relay_dynamic_config/enum.Feature.html) but it does not show the feature string.

Author: Good point, I wanted to link to master, don't know why I copied to SHA link in the end.

> Best would be though if we could use the [Rust docs](https://getsentry.github.io/relay/relay_dynamic_config/enum.Feature.html) but it does not show the feature string.

That's where I looked initially. We could consider copying the string repr into the doc comment for every variant.

Reviewer 3: I think we should and `#[doc(hidden)]` the deprecated ones.

Author: https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/3236

> A full list of features can be found [here](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/blob/3dff617a1a5ff01f6617de82807bc50c7d695a2c/relay-dynamic-config/src/feature.rs).

Author: ```suggestion
A full list of features can be found [here](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/blob/master/relay-dynamic-config/src/feature.rs).
```
